# ViEAT -Online Food Ordering and Delivery System

video-link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nlMA7AAbYJKYySYZ3uO-OyE2w9VtNESq/view?usp=sharing
Report-link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1KNKsh1g1NSK5uYxDWl7uUQkDCjBAABWt/view?usp=drive_link

Online Food Ordering and Delivery platforms such as Swiggy and Zomato were highly sought after, during the COVID-19 outbreak due to its flawless website and database functionality. The online food ordering platforms proved to be useful for the customers who needn't step out to buy their food. Therefore, this project is inspired from this idea and hopes to fulfil the requirements by developing a website prototype capable of managing food order from the sides of the customers, admin and the delivery person. The main highlight of the project is its database functionality. This food ordering website will be able to attract more customers by having a user-friendly Interface and a strong database. The website makes use of a powerful tech stack containing HTML, CSS, Java Script, PHP, MySQL and Bootstrap for efficient querying and user-friendly themes.Online Food Ordering and Delivery platforms such as Swiggy and Zomato were highly sought after, during the COVID-19 outbreak due to its flawless website and database functionality. The online food ordering platforms proved to be useful for the customers who needn't step out to buy their food. Therefore, this project is inspired from this idea and hopes to fulfil the requirements by developing a website prototype capable of managing food order from the sides of the customers, admin and the delivery person. The main highlight of the project is its database functionality. This food ordering website will be able to attract more customers by having a user-friendly Interface and a strong database. The website makes use of a powerful tech stack containing HTML, CSS, Java Script, PHP, MySQL and Bootstrap for efficient querying and user-friendly themes.
Skills: Web Development · MySQL · SQL · PHP
